in the shallow waters around an islands
bass coral reefs rise towards the
surface
of all the formations in the Pacific
these reefs are by far the richest in
life
there are hundreds of different kinds of
coral and all are made up of millions of
tiny creatures called polyps each
covered in a hard skeleton reefs are
home to thousands of specialists like
these razor fish that blend into the
staghorn coral around them but not all
animals here need to blend in
gray reef sharks
the reefs top predators these sharks
patrol the waters on strong currents
but without all the life on the reef
here they could never exist in such
numbers
they may be idle right now but they
won't remain this way for long
as night falls it's feeding time
needlefish stalk the coral shallows in
search of food
predators by day at night they become
the prey
speeding away at 30 kilometres an hour
the needlefish give the chasing sharks a
run for their money but it's hard to
escape from so many
Oh